[Music]
what's going on guys I'm gonna play a
hit in this video I'll be showing you my
favorite Russian class it's gonna be a
very aggressive build for advanced
warfare using mainly a submachine gun
and rushing around objective play all of
that stuff and obviously no stealth
involved or suppression or kind of being
stealthy right up in the enemy's face
and winning gunfights so hopefully this
build is there something you'll find
useful but we're gonna go off with the
asm1 I'll show you the build and go
through all the attachments and person
all that stuff and at the end I'll run
through the class in general I'll show
you the full class as it is but we're
gonna use the ASM one I'm not very still
sure what my favorite submachine gun but
out of the lot this seems to be the best
for air actual damage it doesn't have
the best range which is the problem
there weapons that have our better range
the SM one but this one has the best
damage this is definitely the better
close-range weapon as opposed to other
submachine guns which are good at longer
ranges but as for rushing and getting up
the enemies faces the air someone is
definitely my preferred choice as for
attachments I'm gonna be going with
firstly stock which helps massively at
close quarters gunfights that lets you
straight back and forward we aim down
sight which will be doing a lot if
you're up in enemy's face and rushing
around and this helps you kind of evade
their shots and move quicker and so
you're not kind of like more of a
sitting duck when you're shooting at
each other so the next attach mummeries
is the for group these are actually
massively massively helpful with an
advanced warfare much more useful than
they were in past fair called G games
I've made a video specifically on that
which I'll link in the description you
fall into the difference of all the
recoil but it spreads and patterns and
stuff like that you can see how actually
makes the difference and it's a real
interesting video I definitely recommend
each other out and the photos that's
what I'm gonna go with is gonna be the
quick-draw grip this allows me to aim
down sight faster which is massively
helpful so I can snap on target really
quickly and start getting shots
downrange really accurately and also
that's gonna require primary gunfighter
the wild card so I can have three
attachments on the asm1 I've not gone
for any secondaries I've just gone for
the normal combat knife and or you can
also run with the outside when you spawn
you can take out the combat knife and
run around so you can run at the max and
the sprinting speed and then whether you
about to get some enemies you can put
out some machine-gun so for Perks I've
not only gone for a few I'm gonna use
the lightweight perk in tier 1 and air
simp that's gonna help you move faster
obviously some be very central for a
Russian class
I've not gone for any perks so I don't
feel as any in there actually help with
rushing abilities in perk 3 I've gone
for the toughness park as always it's
very sensual it's not as good as it was
improved called regains but it still is
helpful when you're up in only tasting
getting a lot of gunfights one on one
and they're taking shots into you and
you need to be make sure your aim isn't
flying all over the place when you are
kind of exchanging gunfights I've gone
for two abilities which requires the
tactician wildcard
the first one is XO overclock which
allows you to run fast are very very
useful for a rushing class that lets you
move super fast and equip that with
light weight and of course the
submachine gun you're moving super super
fast so X overclock is definitely really
cool and isn't that also going to use XO
stim which it gives you a slight boost
of health and again that will come in
handy when you're rushing around get
into a lot of gunfights maybe for
hopping or objectives or trying to cap
flags if you combine both overclock and
the stim ability you're gonna have to
sponge a lot of damage and also move
very very quickly so this is a very very
kind of aggressive and rushing class and
does help in the close quarters Maps as
for school streaks I've gone for the UAV
missile strike and bombing run as school
streaks are just down to personal
preference if you would prefer to use
maybe just the UAV so you can know the
enemy are maybe upgrade that a little
bit or maybe no kill streaks at all if
you just want to get in there and get
objective play or maybe you want to use
some of the really high-end ones like
the warbird and paradin it's totally
down to which school streets but I would
recommend these and they do complement a
rushing aggressive class of very very
well because there were about explosives
they don't take you out the battle for
too long such as the powder and warbird
which after control and as you get them
ai-controlled you have to sit in them
for about a minute and control
yourselves I prefer to just let the
bombing run go and shoot quick missile
strike and after UAV go and so I can be
constantly on the ground and killing
people instead of having to worry about
being inside of kill streaks that this
has been at my class setup for a rushing
and aggressive class hopefully you have
found it useful leave your suggestions
to this class in the comment sections
maybe you would choose one perk or
attachment over and over leave your
suggestions in the comment section what
is your favorite Russian class so I hope
you enjoyed the video found it helpful
give a thumbs up like rating make sure
to subscribe to this channel for a ton
more advanced warfare content if you
tried this one you enjoy a bunch more
videos that I've got coming out for you
guys hope you enjoyed the video and I'll
see earlier
[Music]